or lose just such a great day university
town you've got everything you need all
right here we had a few walk so great
place to go
these are great jeweler the environment
love
we're here in the 24 hour lab if I just
eating tuna me feel like they're going
on here I laurier there's a million
things to do on campus but it's so easy
to get involved immunity people which
makes it really really far for years I
think Lori has it means so much more
than I could have ever asked for not
just my academics that I think I've got
from any school but from learning so
much more about me just through all the
extracurricular activities I've been
involved in
come because of our small community and
the back a lot of new people
opportunities are available to you and
just overall it's a great atmosphere
curricular learning as well as academic
it's making the most of your university
experience and is it truly unique one
satellite